DOCUMENT#AFGP-2002-600045 
TRANSLATION: FULL 
DATE: 3/20/2002 
This is an employment contract between AL QAEDA and a potential recruit. 
 It contains a definition of AL QAEDA organization, and six main points: 1-Duties.   
 2-Holidays.     3-Salaries and Travel tickets.          4-Advice.        
 5-Reward and Punishment.                                     6-Pledge. 
 
In the name of Allah, Most Gracious, Most Merciful. 
 (T.C: verse from the Koran) 
AL QAEDA: 
An Islamic group with an aim of Jihad.  Carrying out Jihad is the main reason the members of 
AL-QAEDA have gathered , together with performing the different duties of 
Islam as much as possible, shouldering together the duty of Jihad and preparing the efficient 
duties during conflicts. 
Its belief: 
The faith of Sunna and Jama'a (group) in general, and in detail following the example of the 
worthy ancestors.  

   Objectives of  AL QAEDA:  
Support God's religion, establishment of Islamic rule, and restoration of the Islamic Caliphate, 
God willing. 

AL QAEDA's sphere of activity : 
International and transitional according to AL QAEDA's policy. 
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA: 
1 -Abiding by AL QAEDA rules, its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned.
2 -Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible, without disobeying Islamic rules. 
3 -No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group. 
4 -Maintain secrecy in work-related issues.  
5- Physically healthy (except in administrative work) 
6-The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion, integrity or his morality. 
7-Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA. 

<LU_ANNOTATE>

    AL-QAEDA's  Regulations and Instructions:  
First:  Duties 
1- Preserving the unity of AL QAEDA is an important and legitimate goal, which occurs by      
fearing God in private as well as in public.  (Surat 65, 5).  This is fulfilled  through humbleness 
and flexibility towards the brothers and the rest of the Muslims, good manners, rejection of 
disputes, and mutual agreement and settlement of differences.  (TC:  Koranic verse). 
2- Preserving Islamic morals and avoiding means of corruption and bad companions, 
through verification  and confirmation of news. (T.C: Koranic verse) To observe good 
conduct and filial piety even if they were infidels. 
3- Adherence to eating Islamic Halal food (T.C: Koranic verse). 
4- Maintaining physical fitness and military exercises as much as possible. 
5-Do not talk about work assigned by AL-QAEDA with others, even if they are AL-QAEDA 
 members.  The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander (Amir), unless 
you  are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others, and then through 
guidance of the leadership. 
6-The call to adhere to Islam in general, and spreading the concept of Jihad specifically, starts  
with relatives and friends. (T.C: Koranic verse)You may not be able to do this, if your work 
 demands extreme secrecy, like Naeem IBn Mas'uud (May God bless him).
7-Safeguard AL-QAEDA's general funds and do not mishandle these funds. (Albukhairi) 
8-Sincerity in providing advice to commanders and to your brethren in AL-QAEDA, without 
harboring deception. 

Second: Vacations 
 (T.C: Koranic verse) 
1-The married have a vacation by rotation for a week every three weeks, and in certain cases 
AL-QAEDA may deny this vacation for four months. 
2-A bachelor can have a vacation by rotation for five days every month.  ALQAEDA may 
deny his request for vacation in certain cases. 
 3-Request for vacation travel should be submitted two and a half  months before the travel date. 
The request would only be considered if it had been submitted in a timely manner as indicated, 
except in special cases. 

Third: Salaries and tickets 
 (T.C: Koranic verse) 
1- The salary of a married Mujahed brother is 6500 Pakistani Rupee, and 500 Rupee for every 
newborn. 
2 Salary of the bachelor Mujahed is 1000 Pakistani Rupee 
3- The bachelor Mujahed qualifies for a round trip ticket to his country after one year from 
joining the organization.  He can take a one month vacation.  He doesn't get reimbursed if 
the ticket is not used, but he has the right to change it to a ticket to perform 
the pilgrimage.   This period starts from the date of  joining AL-QAEDA. 
4-The married Mujahed and his family qualify for round trip tickets to their country of origin 
after two years, and one month vacation. Tickets can not be reimbursed if unused. 
 5-The brother who wants to leave AL-QAEDA without a legitimate excuse does not qualify    
for financial assistance or any of the previously mentioned privileges . 

</LU_ANNOTATE WC=481>

Fourth: Reward and Punishment 
( T.C: Koranic verse) 
And accordingly: 
1- AL-QAEDA missions and its different plans proceed according to Islamic law provision. 
2- Disputes related to AL-QAEDA missions between member brethren should be judged by      
qualified personnel, which is carried out by the immediate commander (Amir) of the conflicting 
parties.   He must inform the officials to settle the matter.   
 3- Personal disputes between member brethren could be judged by qualified members of AL- 
QAEDA or outsiders.  Corrupted courts should not judge the matter. 
All members commanders as well as subordinates must obey these rules. 

Fifth:  Advice 
A- Maintain provision of legitimate justice, and justice is the establishing the human's 
behavior in religion. Two points are considered: 
1-Piety in religion:   Perform religious duties according to certain supererogatory exercises 
of devotion.  Avoid the forbidden, one should abstain from great or minor sins. 
2-Practising chivalry:  One should adopt whatever makes him look good and avoid what 
degrades him. (T.C: Koranic verse), (Abu Aldara'). 
 B- Exert your utmost and every conceivable effort for the sake of achieving the rightful 
objectives of ALQAEDA. (T.C: Koranic verse) 
The sign of truth is: 
1-Your effort in serving your religion is greater than the effort exerted in your worldly matters 
and your family. (T.C: Koranic verse), (Albukhari).
2-Your effort in serving your religion should be greater than the effort exerted by the infidels to 
support their lies . 
C- Thorough study of legal curricula, and utilizing time in doing this, and thereby providing 
the Muslim brother with an Islamic vision for contemporary events.  Knowledge without  
work is a burden on the person, and knowledge without work is useless. 
D- If you are a specialist in any field, then you have to master your specialization.  If you 
could serve the objectives of AL-QAEDA  through your specialization, than inform your 
leadership of that. 
E- The brethren are advised to avoid disagreement and argument in religion, discussing  
religion without proper knowledge is prohibited , and questions of differences are referred to 
powerful knowledgeable leaders. (Suraat Alnissa') 

Six: The pledge 
Its legitimacy and its purpose:   
The legitimacy of the pledge: 
Pledges among Muslims concerning obedience and permissibility is legitimate and conceivable 
so that every party trusts the other. (Suraat Yuseef) 
So if a Muslim vows to do something, he must fulfill it. (Suraat Annahl) 
The purpose of the pledge: 
Matters subject to pledge are either legitimate or permissible duties, legitimate duties like 
Jihad and obedience to leaders is first in importance.  A legitimate duty for a Muslim and a 
pledge conforms what is a duty by law, and it is a duty even if it is not subject to a 
pledge. According to what has been previously mentioned, than AL-QAEDA secures the pledge 
of its followers, which includes commitment to its policies and objectives preceded by the 
 commander's (Amir) pledge.   

I pledge by God's creed to become a Muslim soldier to support God's religion, and may God 's 
word be the most supreme.  I pledge to adhere to the holy book  and Assuna and commit to the 
brothers committed with us in this mission, so God is my witness. 
An oath from the Mujahed brother: 
In the name of Allah, Most Gracious, Most Merciful. 
 I vow by God's creed to obey those responsible in this mission, in thick and thin, and 
thereupon may God 's word be most supreme.  By supporting God's religion, I am a warrior 
in this mission regardless of my position, as long as the work is existing.  I have to preserve 
the secrecy of work in AL-QAEDA , so God is my witness. 
Seven: Breaking the pledge 
The sin of the Breaker of the pledge (Suraat Alraa'd) (Albukhari) (Fath Albari 418/4) 
Our last prayer is to thank God the creator of the universe. 
Alias:---------------------- Nationality:----------------------Date:------------------- 
Marital status:--------------------------- Signature:----------------------------- 
 
